Brother Tiancheng, what do you say today?
Let everyone in the Mo family be negative. Who are you?
I am the overlord of China you call me,
By Jiang Shenwang. No,
No need to support me, you are my future wife,
In the future, I will definitely give you endless support.
How is this possible? You are the Divine King of Beijiang,
But am I not related to Beijiang God King?
No, your Spring and Autumn Battle of Meng must be the Divine King of Beijiang.
Then I choose to accept it, which is the farthest possible recovery. God's
You are unfortunate for me
If you are stuck, you must regret it. He regrets it.
Although you are out of the country today, you are in the limelight.
But everyone can see clearly
It's the God of War who gives you the board of directors
If it weren't for the God of War
Mr. Mujiadong, the young general
It's expensive to go to Beijing
it's your wife
able to be dealt with
Said demonstration
Meijiang Shenwang
It was the time to fight against China
Lord above all authority
How is it possible
The red-faced betrotheds all came out to me
I said it’s my naked face that can’t concern you
now i tell you
I am the God King of Beijing
You still can't do it
The Beijing God King’s martial arts power
You said you are the God King of Beijing
Show us your great god Zangling